free high school friends gain super
powers after making an incredible
discovery underground
welcome to total recaps today we will
explain a 2012 action sci-fi title
chronicle take a seat and enjoy
andrew is an outsider with only few
friends
tired of his father's violence he
decides to purchase a camera as a
deterrent for him later andrew's best
buddy matt picks him up and drives him
to school
andrew spends some time filming his
school he is then teased by several
adolescents who harass him and take his
camera away matt asks andrew to a party
on the way home but andrew refuses
matt is eager about getting andrew to
come so andrew hesitantly accepts the
offer in the end
andrew is looking through his recording
at home when his father richard walks in
richard slaps andrew and yells furiously
at him harassing him for no good reason
later at the party andrew takes video of
the party he then notices casey a girl
who also keeps a vlog of her daily
activities when a man accuses andrew of
recording his girlfriend andrew finds
himself in hot water andrew exits the
party and cleans the dirt off his camera
he is then approached by steve the
popular student who is running for class
president who asks him to join him in
his pals
steve informs andrew that he and matt
have discovered something in the woods
in request that andrew record what they
have uncovered
andrew meets steve at a hole in the
center of a clearing and the two of them
get there they dig further down the hole
and come upon a cavern with a huge
shining crystal
it begins to buzz and everything begins
to shake before becoming dark
later after the weird incident they can
be seen in a backyard throwing baseballs
matt then tosses the ball towards andrew
who uses his thoughts to stop the ball
in mid-flight
andrew's nose begins to bleed so he
drops it the three then walk inside and
play with lego pieces levitating them
without touching them the strange stone
seems to have endowed them with the
ability of telekinesis they decide to
return to the hole later only to
discover that it has been completely
filled up with soil
authorities also come and order the lads
to leave the area
andrew experiments levitating his camera
at home
he overhears his father pleading for
additional medical help for his mother
karen on the phone
andrew takes his sick mother karen for a
walk in the harbor the following day and
the two have a wonderful day together
later the lads are outdoors again this
time tossing stones at a lake to test
their abilities andrew then inquires as
to whether he believes they can
accomplish more with their abilities
matt theorizes that their strength is
comparable to a muscle that has to be
improved in order to get stronger
to increase their strength he recommends
a gradual approach
they all start playing with people and
doing innocent pranks on them
andrew makes a shopping cart roll away
steve terrifies a kid by levitating a
plush animal and matte whacks a person
andrew attempts stabbing matt with a
fork in a restaurant to demonstrate how
their abilities may defend them from
various items andrew then imitates the
virgin mary on his pancake pate
frightening one of the servers
steve then attempts to prank a lady in
the parking lot he skillfully relocates
her vehicle to a new parking space
his nose begins to bleed heavily but he
insists that he is okay
when the lady reappears they all laugh
at her perplexity
they're driving home later when a truck
behind them begins honking
andrew jumps in with the intention of
making the pickup truck swerve a bit but
he messes up sending the vehicle down
into the river
steve jumps into the water to rescue the
driver and the guys run out to assist as
matt speaks down to andrew claiming he's
placed someone in severe danger andrew
seems very upset
matt claims that their abilities are
becoming more powerful and difficult to
manage and he offers guidelines for
applying them
they meet up with steve the next day in
a dump and discover that he is
levitating above them
he urges them to give it a go
the lads are afterwards seen flying into
the sky
they all soar across the sky at
breakneck speeds passing each other
andrew flies in to rescue steve after he
is knocked unconscious he slows them
down seconds before they strike the
earth and they both walk away unharmed
they plan to take a vacation across the
globe the following day at school flying
to their favorite locations
andrew says he wants to travel to tibet
because it is beautiful and peaceful and
steve wants to go to hawaii
andrew and steve are hanging out on top
of a skyscraper and steve then suggests
that they participate in the school
talent competition promising andrew that
he would assist him with his performance
matt is manning the camera at the talent
competition when he runs across casey
who is also filming the event
on stage steve and andrew perform their
magic act
andrew's telekinetic talents make the
illusions and tricks seem like child's
play
the two put on a fantastic performance
with their peers and classmates
applauding them on the whole time
matt and andrew then go to a home party
where they are greeted by everyone
andrew finally gets a taste of what it's
like to be recognized and loved at the
party andrew meets a girl and later
pukes all over her in the bedroom andrew
plays with a spider the next day before
making it hover and breaking it into
bits
richard next seems to be searching
around andrew's room when he notices the
camera
richard then confronts andrew over
wasting money on a camera despite barely
having enough money to pay for his
mother's medicines
richard then assaults andrew holding him
down but andrew fights back overpowering
richard with his abilities andrew
informs him that if he wants to he can
crush him meanwhile matt is with casey
when his nose begins to bleed despite
the fact that he hasn't utilized his
abilities at the evening steve
approaches andrew high above the ground
they get into fight because of andrew's
attitude and then suddenly a lightning
strikes steve then we can see the
company attending the funeral but steve
is nowhere to be found
it was his funeral he was killed in a
lightning strike
after the ceremony matt confronts andrew
about what happened to steve inquiring
as to how he was hit by lightning when
no lightning strikes were documented
andrew refuses to reveal the truth
despite matt's orders after that andrew
returns to school where he is mocked for
vomiting during the party
he's also teased by the bully who
pretends to puke
andrew loses his temper and pulls out
bully's teeth
andrew discusses evolution and the
theory of an apex predator with his
camera in a junkyard he discusses how
predators do not feel guilty when they
kill their prey just as people do not
feel guilty when they stomp on ants or
crush flies and mosquitoes
after that he effortlessly smashes a
vehicle behind him
later matt rushes into andrew's room
eager to learn about the bully incident
at school he emphasizes they have become
too strong for their own good
matt then tells andrew that if he
continues to hurt others he will have to
intervene
they get into a fight and matt throws a
punch which andrew catches
matt then quickly departs
andrew goes to the drug store to buy
additional medicine for his mother but
the pharmacist informs him that he lacks
the money he then dresses up his
father's old firemen uniform and sets
out to extort money from others
he starts with the guys on his block who
make fun of him all the time
he knocks them all out and grabs their
money in a matter of seconds he then
goes to a petrol station and takes the
whole cash register
armed with a shotgun the cashier follows
him and the shotgun accidentally fires
and starts an explosion andrew becomes
engulfed in flames and loses
consciousness
richard is called after andrew is
admitted to the hospital and he walks
into andrew's room and begins to weep he
informs andrew his mother has died
he then blames andrew for her death
claiming that if he hadn't been
searching for andrew she would not have
died he begins yelling at andrew
demanding an apology for karen's death
andrew eventually wakes up after hearing
his screams get louder smashing a hole
through the hospital wall
meanwhile matt sees a tv story about an
explosion at the hospital and instantly
realizes something is wrong with andrew
when he and casey arrive at the hospital
andrew is seen torturing richard they
get back inside the vehicle but andrew
spots them and lifts them to the space
needle
fortunately matt saves casey's life matt
flies up to andrew attempting to
persuade him to stop
andrew claims he has always been
mistreated and now is his opportunity to
avenge himself for all that has happened
to him
andrew and matt get into a fight and are
tossed throughout the city
matt continues to try to persuade andrew
to stop but the cops are closing up on
them
matt begs andrew not to harm the police
but andrew has gone too far
matt approaches andrew from behind
aiming a steel spear at him before
impaling him in the chest
after some time has passed matt is seen
flying over tibet he is talking to a
camera saying goodbye to andrew
thank you for watching
if you want to see more make sure to
subscribe and turn on notifications
see you later